Your first assignment is to use GitHub to submit some autobiographical information about yourself.  Answer the following questions.  Use GitHub to submit the resulting text file.
1. What is your name?
Phil Hull
2. Why are you interested in Data Science?
I currently work with large amounts of data in my position as an Associate Registrar at UW Madison. As such I am the data custodian for student academic data and have spent much of the last
ten years as the default "data guy". I am involved in several high level initiatives on campus related to data science such as learning analytics and data governance. I see many possibilities for improving the way we use institutional data
to improve services to faculty, staff, and the student community. 
3.  Tell us a little bit about your programming experience.  What programming courses have you taken?  Do you use programming on the job, and if so, how?
Courses: SQL, PLSQL, SQR, PeopleTools, PeopleCode, Integration Broker, BI Publisher, Javascript, HTML. I manage a unit that maintains and supports the PeopleSoft student information system for UW Madison (specifically the student records
related portions). We also manage an operational data store for student data which feeds student data to other campus software installations. 
4.  Tell us a little bit about your statistics experience.  What statistics courses have you taken?  Do you use statistics on the job, and if so, how?
There was some required statistics for my undergrad degree in Economics. An introductory stats class and then one focused on regression called Quantitative Methods for Management & Econ. I also took the Foundation of Data Science course this
past summer, which provided a sort of refresher in stats.
5.  Do you have other experience with R or Python?
I used R in DS 710, but have never used Python.
6.  What do you hope to learn in this class?
I would like to be proficient in Python (at least at a beginner's level), expand my understanding of R and continue to learn stats as used in data science.
7.  Is there anything else you would like to share with us?